Ayan Ayan okay?
It's already so late
Why don’t you have his circle of friends yet? Here’s today’s sweet little diary
Could it be that he is too old and his wife hates him?
Ayan Ayan My Ayan
What's wrong with you?
Where am I? It's okay. Good news.
Chairman Zhou Shi was raped by the prince at Qinglin Company today
Yiqingdi was abolished
Chairman Zhou has three children, seven in three days, one son
This time, you are the one coming up. They have never been right, haven't they?
Zhou Yutian should not have a good time
Nothing to do today?
No cake left
Why did you remember to bury flowers for me?
Is this for me?
I said, madam, you can always believe some
I'll give you a break
Don't know either
they see clearly